Context menus migration guide (#8380)
flutter/website: src/release/breaking-changes/index.md

* [Migrate `of` to non-nullable return values, and add `maybeOf`][]
* [Removed RouteSettings.copyWith][]
* [ThemeData's toggleableActiveColor property has been deprecated][]

> * [A new way to customize context menus]({{site.url}}/release/breaking-changes/context-menus.md)

Reviewer: We want to link to the generated HTML not Markdown:

```suggestion
* [A new way to customize context menus]({{site.url}}/release/breaking-changes/context-menus)
```

> * [A new way to customize context menus]({{site.github}}/flutter/website/blob/main/src/release/breaking-changes/context-menus.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [A new way to customize context menus]({{site.url}}/release/breaking-changes/context-menus.md)
```
